juli sports friends happy start and
There are a few topics to talk about
and the first topic is one
thing I do not like about it now
speak that is very difficult for me
Frankly, but I think so
to talk to you about it and
Although you may have noticed the
last time already that less and less
videos also came julia was in it
also on facebook and instagram
photos and yes it is unfortunately because of that
separated for our recently
i have a very private topic
but just thought in this regard that
she also keeps a big part of the canal
was it about it for you
I have been reporting a lot
was open a videos and I think
that one point you can address
Of course, I want to thank you for that
do not say anything accurate i think that
private enough that talk about it here
what I want to say is clear if you have
certainly always seen in the videos
very harmonic harmonious and very very
happy actually always out and that
I actually always had feeling
It was me, too
stop in the country but always say
where you are wrong and yes so happens
so what, unfortunately, and the puck
But I always want to
Mine would speak out here
and I have to do something about Juliet
Simply say there are things you can do
maybe not as a spectator either
Sun will notice and while there are simple
things that you sometimes use
I simply do not think I think so
that it is just here at the
time to address that last one
one and a half years look very very big
part of the channel was that she was very
Much has done behind the
camera very shelter he the camera
she was always the one who kept her
Camerawoman has given everything so low
as at night partly with mcfit
came in and helped me
somehow to record the videos
Turn and so on she was one to me
great help a great prop in the
In any case very large
gratitude on my side
Regarding my situation I try
Just to see it very rational
even if that is natural right now
my situation is not that easy
because of course I already have one
bit but yes
I think for all the surfaces
stuck in a similar situation
I can or guess that
maybe very good and appreciate
Confidence is just so I try
it just a bit at the moment
such as a roller coaster ride to
consider life more and there is missing
Just show me that very briefly
I was not too long ago
video just said that I did
am happy and arrived and
Reflective now that's how I like it
good that I estimated that at the time
I understand and that I understood
am happy because i was i think so
Everyone should appreciate when he is at his
highlight is that he also knows that it
a good one that you appreciate
yes, the wrong choice of words was maybe
probably the word arrived because
Looking back, I think I arrived
you probably only when you are
maybe dead and you have to
probably also in situations where it
you are fine and where you get the good
situation appreciates that it is
relatively fast or not only
is relatively fast in any case
will go down someday
and accordingly, you just have to go with it
curves two rollercoaster he handle it
Of course, you have to appreciate when you go upstairs
is and you have to, of course, easy
understand and accept if you are
sometimes loses control and it
There are situations in which you can easily
not the control unfortunately and dark city
accepted that one is down to everyone
case and what is very important is simple
that my situation when down there
that's just as good for itself
Reflect can say now
It's about as fast as
possible to come up again and in the
Of course, that's the best case
curve surpasses and that of course
is higher than the previous or
previous curve and according to the motto
Well, what does not kill you makes you
stronger in any case
and that I just mean my thing now
of course, I am very concerned right now
hard to talk about it but me
I think and I speak from experience
was often down and in the
After that I always go higher
come as I was before and mine
whole energy and power I will now
just get stuck professionally and
Sporty again a little bit higher
come and I think everything else is coming
then with time and I wanted
try to give it away on the way here
Let's look at it like that for you
in these situations there are
just have things in life there
no control has no power and it
There are things you just have to
accept and want to be heated
we just have to take this time over wine
really outlast the best take
even if that is difficult at the moment
and then I want to be expensive again
turn uphill and you have to
come back higher and then it will be
create in any case the
come out there you are back up
and he is a very important point
I wanted to address and yes
I just wanted to go here
the topic appeal so modest it
who knows and is not easy you see
is probably my reactions
I am also a human emotional it
is not easy but i think so
I speak so openly and have that
I did it now
second point is on the weekend
i want and 2 and jan simons 2 from
Red block in Berlin especially ben band
was there too and we have one
bit the philipp build and at the same time
a little something turned up in the
Gym a few exercises
we ate together and stuff
continue and I also wanted to
point this whole all say
So here görke has something against jerky
the whole people is not the same
celebration does not try my island for
Two camps to see only black and white
I just say this to my opinion
story, I said what I think
i think tapes or also mischa
certainly another aspect or
view and also there would just have to
think as I see that the good
People I think the band is one
great guy just gil and show too
really great guys
whether dj wear the gym breast
wear or whatever I see that there
quite relaxed actually and there
I wanted to call again
i see it for example a band
or the berisha listens to these
all videos to dislike just like that
because he stops once or the person
once made for a product advertising
Maybe what did not matter to you?
yes, the content always looks the same
work as hard as me and how
everyone else too and respects that
acknowledge that and if you have a theme
does not fit then says it does but does
not read shitstorm amazon
because I think the first ones are for
all unjustified
that's why i think it's very important
you simply times even about it I speak
like the people just partially
Maybe I do not like everyone
personally but then i get along well
time we get off super well and me
and the philipp is also there
been as splendid and understand
in the end this one suddenly stopped
Stock Look That Black White Think
it's about salaries
now I want to no longer so
appropriate in any case
and yes what else do I want to say
actually i think so already
enough said in the video perhaps
very complete a few things the
in things that come to mind especially
by the occasion of the synonymous not so
positive for me but I was powerful
has given for the simple that we
you just the first topic I was
here in the video have addressed
in this regard, just live
think about it all its time
So he has all his situations
time and what just said if you
above or even when you are down
you have to try the best of it
and yes everything has its time and
in the sense simply has dream man
Just forgive his time has his
time has forgotten his time of love
has its time and life has its time
and you just have to realize where
he just stands with who deal with it
can
baic managers are skeptical about fdp
is currently developing slowly
kino.to live network monopolistic and too
hate to stick to the idea
globe